gnss external update (#122)
opengisch/QField-docs: en/fieldwork/gps.rst

.. note::
    If you see WGS 84 lat/lon information instead of information in your project CRS, you probably have no signal yet.

Using an external GNSS-Receiver
-------------------------------

QField supports connecting external GNSS antennas via bluetooth.

> In settings -> positioning, connected bluetooth devices will show up and can be chosen as position source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In settings -> positioning, paired bluetooth devices can be scanned and chosen as position source.
```
